Add doc to explain how to migrate to the new BroadcastLogger: (#49518)
rails/rails: guides/source/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.md

end
```

### `Rails.logger` now returns an `ActiveSupport::BroadcastLogger` instance

> The `ActiveSupport::BroadcastLogger` class is a new logger that allows to broadcast logs to different sinks (STDOUT, a log file...) in a easy way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ActiveSupport::BroadcastLogger` class is a new logger that allows to broadcast logs to different sinks (STDOUT, a log file...) in an easy way.
```

> The previously private API to broadcast logs (using the `ActiveSupport::Logger.broadcast` method) was removed.
> If your application or library was relying on it, this is the change you'd have to make:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API to broadcast logs (using the `ActiveSupport::Logger.broadcast` method) was removed and was previously private.
If your application or library was relying on this API, you need to make the following changes:
```

```ruby
logger = Logger.new("some_file.log")

# Before

Rails.logger.extend(ActiveSupport::Logger.broadcast(logger))

# After

Rails.logger.broadcast_to(logger)
```

If your application had configured a custom logger, `Rails.logger` will wrap and proxy all methods to it. No changes on your side are required to make it work.

> If you need to access your custom logger instance, you can so using the `broadcasts` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you need to access your custom logger instance, you can do so using the `broadcasts` method:
```

```ruby
# config/application.rb
config.logger = MyLogger.new

# Anywhere in your application

> puts Rails.logger.class # => BroadcastLogger
> puts Rails.logger.broadcasts # -> [MyLogger]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
puts Rails.logger.class #=> BroadcastLogger
puts Rails.logger.broadcasts #=> [MyLogger]
```
